
Favorite Quotations	"When evil reaches epic proportions, when all seems lost, when it appears that your enemies have triumphed, a Hero will emerge."

"The nice apples are always eaten by nasty pigs."
Bulgarian proverb

Vandalism: Beautiful as a Rock in a Cop's Face

Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane." 
H.P. Lovecraft.

"Happy girls are the prettiest."
Audrey Hepburn

"Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door."
Coco Chanel

"The best color in the whole world, is the one that looks good, on you!”
Coco Chanel

“We will all laugh at gilded butterflies”

"Te amo sin saber cómo, ni cuándo, ni de dónde."

"I searched for years I found no love. I'm sure that love will never be a product of plasticity." 
Frank Zappa 

"All cartoon characters and fables must be exaggeration, caricatures. It is the very nature of fantasy and fable." 
Walt Disney 

If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?

Fat people are harder to kidnap.

“I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.”

"You're only as young as the last time you changed your mind." 
Timothy Leary 

"The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique." 
Walt Disney 

"All have the eyes, few have the vision"

“Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can."

"I really found one red-bottom Christian Louboutin shoe and my signs have been up for days and you are the only person to email me. Looking for Cinderella ain’t easy"

"I'm gonna make this pencil.... disappear!" 
The Joker

Forbidden fruit creates many jams.

"I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot." 
Marilyn Monroe 

Gaston: How can you read this? There's no pictures! 
Belle: Well, some people use their imagination.

"Covering the cat in glowsticks and sending him out into the garden might confuse the other cats ?"

"But they say if you dream a thing more than once, it's sure to come true. And I've seen him so many times."
Aurora

“A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.”
Coco Chanel 

"I could not resist."
Snow White

"I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird." 
Frank Zappa 

Humans are like tea bags. They never realize their strength until they are put in hot water.

"I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head."
Kurt Cobain 

“In my dreams, I could be a Princess, and that's what I was. Like most little girls, I believed nothing less than a Prince could make my dreams come true.”
Loretta Young

"For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone." 
Audrey Hepburn 

"Dogs never bite me. Just humans."
Marilyn Monroe 

"Like the ski resort full of girls hunting for husbands and husbands hunting for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem." 
Alan Mackay